README.md, before:

# Digital Badges Bundle for Devday@Oktane

Welcome developer! In this repo you will find folders for each possible type of badge you'll encounter on Devday@Oktane.

## Start here

Once you received your badge, read the inscription on the box to find the corresponding folder for your badge.

Each folder here will hold all the information you need to get your badge set up and use it around the event.

Remember: you just got a programmable badge, so take your time and play around with it, we will love to see what you build.

Happy coding.

## Folder structure

- `badger2040w`: Pick this folder if you received a **Pimoroni Badger 2040 W**. Follow the steps on the README.md inside that folder.
- `badger2040`: Pick this folder if you received a **Pimoroni Badger 2040**. Follow the steps on the README.md inside that folder.

## Need help?

For further assistance either find any of Auth0 by Okta's developer advocates in the Community Corner during the Devday@Oktane or open an issue and tag @jtemporal.

Commit message:

Adds tufty2040 files and instructions

README.md, after:

# Digital Badges Bundle for Devday@Oktane

Welcome developer! In this repo you will find folders for each possible type of badge you'll encounter on Devday@Oktane.

## Start here

Once you received your badge, read the inscription on the box to find the corresponding folder for your badge.

Each folder here will hold all the information you need to get your badge set up and use it around the event.

Remember: you just got a programmable badge, so take your time and play around with it, we will love to see what you build.

Happy coding.

## Folder structure

- `badger2040w`: Pick this folder if you received a **Pimoroni Badger 2040 W**. Follow the steps on the README.md inside that folder.
- `badger2040`: Pick this folder if you received a **Pimoroni Badger 2040**. Follow the steps on the README.md inside that folder.
- `tufty2040`: Pick this folder if you received a **Pimoroni Tufty 2040**. Follow the steps on the README.md inside that folder.

## Need help?

For further assistance either find any of Auth0 by Okta's developer advocates in the Community Corner during the Devday@Oktane or open an issue and tag @jtemporal.
